docs: add troubleshooting section about fluentd buffer permissions issue (#2002)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/Troubleshoot_Collection.md

                  name: sumologic-configmap
                  key: fluentdNamespace
```

### `/fluentd/buffer` permissions issue

When you encounter the following (or a similar) error message in fluentd logs:

```
2021-11-23 07:05:56 +0000 [error]: #0 unexpected error error_class=Errno::EACCES error="Permission denied @ dir_s_mkdir - /fluentd/buffer/logs"
```

this means that most likely the volume that has been provisioned as PersistentVolume
for your fluentd has incorrect ownership and/or permissions set.

> You can verify that with the following `kubectl` command:

Reviewer: `that` -> `that this is the case` - reads nicer.

> You can verify that with the following `kubectl` command:

Author: ```suggestion
You can verify that this is the case with the following `kubectl` command:
```

```
$ kubectl exec -it -n <NAMESPACE> <RELEASE_NAME>-<NAMESPACE>-fluentd-logs-0 \
  --container fluentd -- ls -ld /fluentd/buffer
drwx------ 6 root root 4096 Dec 17 16:01 /fluentd/buffer
```

In the above snippet you can observe that `/fluentd/buffer/` is owned by `root`

> and only it can access it.

Reviewer: `is owned by the root user, and only that user can access it.`

> In the above snippet you can observe that `/fluentd/buffer/` is owned by `root`
> and only it can access it.

Author: ```suggestion
In the above snippet you can observe that `/fluentd/buffer/` is owned by `root`, and
only that user can access it.
```

There can be a multitude of reason why that's the case, this can depend on the

> cloud provider that you use and the StorageClasses that are available/set in your cluster.

Reviewer: `There are many possible reasons for this behaviour, (...)`? "Multitude of reasons" just sounds strange to me.

> There can be a multitude of reason why that's the case, this can depend on the
> cloud provider that you use and the StorageClasses that are available/set in your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
There are many possible reasons for this behaviour, this can depend on the
cloud provider that you use and the StorageClasses that are available/set in your cluster.
```
